I can introduce myself i'm michael mann
from the united states currently living
in china i have a a auric valve
condition that i've known about for
proximately four years when i first
found out about it the doctors told me
that I would have between five and ten
years before we need replacement however
recently in the last year I have noticed
some increasing symptoms and we've
decided that immediate replacement was
going to be required how did I choose to
come to India since I've known about my
condition for some time I had the
opportunity to do internet research I
looked into all the options in Southeast
Asia Malaysia Singapore Thailand and
India and it seems that India has the
best options for getting this type of
surgery
my experience at Apollo was first-rate
the doctors to the staff the food all
were excellent how do I rate my
experience at Apollo I would rate the
experience here as first-rate everything
was just excellent from when they picked
me up at the airport so when they
dropped me off for my hotel for recovery
the doctors the staff the nurses the
food the equipment the treatment
everything was was better than could be
expected this is an immense cost
advantage
I generally I had three options one was
to go back to the United States and pay
full price for treatment which would be
anywhere from 100 to 200 thousand
dollars my second option was to go
through the Veterans Administration
system however through that system I'm
only space available so there's no
guarantee that I could could actually
get treatment when I needed it my third
option of course was to come to
somewhere in Southeast Asia so the cost
here was about twelve thousand dollars
total as opposed to a hundred thousand
dollars plus some states the one to
twelve thousand dollars here included
the treatment airfare to and from India
as well as two weeks of recuperation on
at a seaside resort
my message to someone is looking for
quality health care is the medical
system in India as designed for
foreigners it is top rate it's it's it's
first-rate its top-notch they have
excellent doctors it's an excellent
system they have all the latest
technology and it's completely painless